so my name is emil aphram and um as kate
then mentioned i'm the ceo of neo4j
which as you'll soon learn is an
infrastructure company uh and in this
presentation i'm going to discuss a few
things that we've learned in building
this company from scratch
to where it is today
so
before we get into the meat of the
conversation just a few words about
neo4j so you understand where i'm coming
from uh in for the rest of the uh of the
presentation
so um you know neo4j is a graph database
company we in fact were the leader in
the in the category of graph databases
millions of downloads and hundreds of
global 2000 customers
and there's only just a handful of new
database companies right now what used
to be called nosql for those of you who
are around uh back when that term was
was coined who have reached escape
velocity and neo4js is one of them
and in fact we just raised a 325 million
dollar series f which actually is the
largest investment in database history
and folks like gartner are saying things
like graph techniques will form the
foundation of modern data and analytics
so we are truly going for it
we're headquartered in silicon valley uh
with close to 600 people worldwide
including in europe and latin america
and in asia
so um just to set the stage here um i
want to talk a little bit about kind of
the backdrop of what's going on in our
industry for the for the past decade
um
about 10 years ago if you if you go back
to uh what the way things looked back
then you had this insane chaos happening
in infrastructure not just in databases
i of course have lived in a database
world and maybe it was most obvious in
in databases this is five years before
cloudera went public and you know the
world was figuring out whether larry
ellison would again just turn some of
these companies into features or whether
they could actually sustain
independently
and most offerings they were deployed
on-prem uh you know for a combination of
reasons security concerns probably buyer
immaturity and you know lack of enabling
technologies like kubernetes um and so
as a result you had this massive market
fragmentation
tons of distributions of the same open
source code venture capital funding is
was just pouring into this new wave of
startups and then traditional you know
massive companies you know all the way
from the ibm's to the accentures of the
world trying to figure out you know
their play so to speak
and the market adoption and the value
was heavily enterprise biased you know
mom and pop shops you know wouldn't put
in hadoop you know they
they couldn't right so the people who
could adopt either they had the
organizational sophistication to deal
with them you know themselves internally
or they had the budgets to pay a vendor
to do it for them or possibly both
fast forward to today a decade later and
there's still plenty of innovation
happening but it's far less fragmented
you know the market appears to have
coalesced around just a handful like
actually less than that three four
database models in the in the database
world that you know more likely have a
significant long-term role to play and
there's new entrants that pop up fairly
regularly
but there's no longer a whole market
churning through this tidal wave of
partially big technologies that are
looking for some
you know some semblance of competitive
advantage
um so new projects are shifting to the
cloud more and more every passing day
most workloads are born and raised in
the cloud there's even workloads that
are shifting from the on-prem world into
the cloud and thanks to this you know
the cloud but also things like
consumption based or pay as you go
pricing and just general technology
evolution
right now we're at this very very
interesting time where any company can
get access to nearly any technology
through the cloud
so this is hopefully well trodden known
you know that's that's not used to
anyone listening into to this
presentation but it's an important
backdrop to explain where we are
so what we're seeing today then is this
you know this generation of
infrastructure companies that are
thriving you know with their customers
and with their communities and for that
matter with their investors as a result
of all of that you know they started as
open source infrastructure companies
right
but later on they got funding and became
basically viable commercial open source
startups
and then over the last couple of years
maybe you know two to three years
they become these public companies oops
these public companies and if you add
them all up together
the market value is just massive it's
between 50 to 100 billion dollars right
just out of these generation of
infrastructure startups
and so we're living our own journey like
this here at neo4j informed by by their
success of course and there are some
patterns emerging and i'd love to share
them i'm going to punctuate them
as it were
with some specific examples both from
them and from our own journey here at
neo4j which hopefully will make it make
it stick
so
what we've seen emerging here is these
four stages of a virtuous cycle and
throughout that evolution that i talked
before from open source project all the
way through to a public independent
company you see this virtuous cycle of
growth that just grows and changes as
marketing companies emerge it starts
with awareness so that people can get
excited about you and find you
activation then is that moment when they
decide to do something with your product
hopefully useful or interesting
and then you learn from your users and
from the usage
and you evolve your product
and those services to fit their needs
and their success then drives awareness
directly indirectly and draws in the
next wave of users and this is a generic
cycle but let's spend some time talking
about what this looked like
for us
in the early day you know we had a lot
of boots on the ground you know we met
developers you know where they lived you
know on third-party forums
um they we didn't have enough
gravity to draw them into where we where
we lived on neo4j.com or neo4j.org
but if you start getting enough traction
then you know journalists will start to
pay attention and usually through a
developer's lens
and then community programs they end up
being how you keep your community
continuously engaged so for example we
started a program that we call graphs
for good which was to encourage really
world impacting but non-commercial use
that didn't make us any money directly
but generated a lot of awareness right
so these are things like the panama
papers which some of you might remember
it's five years ago but it was the
biggest news story of all of 2016 where
a lot of politicians like the prime
minister of iceland and the prime
minister of pakistan were found out to
have bank
bank accounts in offshore tax havens and
several of them ended up losing their
jobs because of that that was all backed
by our technology we didn't make a
single dime but it generated a lot of
awareness and buzz and goodwill and this
grass for good program also span other
things that we
that weren't directly revenue generating
the generated buzz like the mission to
mars where nasa is on the record saying
that thanks to neo4j humanity will get
to mars two years earlier uh so those
were the kind of things that that were
very successful for us in in in in the
early days and eventually if you're
really super successful the major
industry analysts the the gardeners and
the foresters of the world you know will
they will
eventually take up what what developers
have known for years right and they're
those going to start talking about it
and obviously the business press will
cover you if you have interesting enough
uh investors
and then activation that's trying to
make it as frictionless as possible for
users to do something useful with your
product as we as we alluded to before
and for us the threshold or the bar to
success in the early days was really
really high right you know and that's
true for most community edition open
source infrastructure products the
tooling is really immature the
documentation is light at best um but if
there's not
enough there there
then those users will activate and use
especially if they have a deep enough
pain and antibiotics level of pain
and at neo4j we collaborated with other
projects to get embedded in things like
linux distros so that we could find
developers even before they ended up
finding us
and as our tooling then matured we saw a
chance to improve that activation
experience and make a step function
improvement to adoptability by doing
things like building a desktop edition
and over time of course not shockingly
to a conference you know uh you know
audience like at faster you know our
community started shifting to the cloud
so then it obviously made sense to give
them cloud ready images and earlier this
year we launched another step function
improvement with a perpetual cloud three
tier which um we're going to talk more
about a little bit later
and then on some level you know being
born as an open source project is i
think the first kind of bold act of user
centricity and from there we wanted to
make it a lot easier for developers to
exploit our engine so we ended up
building out this
this query language called cipher which
on some level is the equivalent of sql
for graph databases so it's a
declarative query language for graph
databases
and
we after
after a while realized there's an
opportunity to expand the entire space
not just our product by making it easier
not just for neo4j developers but for
all graph developers
to use graph databases so we actually
took that language when we open sourced
it under the open source uh sorry under
the open cipher umbrella and this is a
little bit of a counter-intuitive move
because it's taking one of the crown
jewels of your product and giving it
away to your competition including the
cloud platforms and we'll talk a lot
more about the cloud platforms firms
later but over time that openness that
more inclusive strategy ends up being
the the tide the rising tide that that
lifts all boats and it ended up creating
this critical mass of both user and
vendor adoption which is important in
category creation to not just have user
adoption but vendor adoption and that
means your competitors using things like
your query language
that that is what ultimately broke the
stranglehold that sql has had on
database query languages for three four
decades
so in databases there's really only been
one officially sanctioned blessed query
language called sql until a couple of
years ago when the iso
ended up blessing gql uh as the formal
query language uh for graph databases
and those thanks to uh a lot of work on
that openness uh strategy from folks
like neo4j but all of our competitors as
well or at least many of them
in some ways i'm thinking of
um
open source as the original product led
growth right or kind of the og plg as it
as it were apologies for the
for the dad joke um but that's kind of
how i think about it and we've always
had this motion that makes it easy for
enthusiastic users to share with others
and create growth groups and that
started in the form of an open source
distribution which ended up growing the
developer community as people shared
their success and talked about how and
when and why they were successful with
our product but we also attracted
entirely new user communities using open
source so for example releasing a graph
algo package that attracted data
scientists and then over time we've
invested in the ecosystem to create more
on-ramps onto neo4j from other platforms
like spark or confluence you know
patrick kafka
and now most recently a cloud service
which i mentioned before with a
perpetual free tier which offers the
most friction
frictionless way for our users to share
their success with their peers
so
those four pillars is the is the broader
framework through which i look at these
modern infrastructure companies and i
want to move on from that to a couple of
more specific points
so the first one is is absolutely
central like distribution is just so so
so important and you want to make sure
that you exist in all four factors that
are relevant uh to your users you want
to make sure that you are everywhere um
and that's that's on-prem uh you know of
course right that you know we all at
saster believe that the
we live in this cloudy world and of
course that's that's both the present
and the future but there's still a huge
amount of adoption in on-prem data
centers right and it's embedded and
distributed you know the cloud of course
is all the rage but
you know on some level i feel like
enterprises run on multi-cloud data
centers but developers still run on
laptops
so the fact that that as
an infrastructure company you have this
on-prem offering is actually a strength
right not just for production
deployments where you can offer hybrid
form factors um but also for developers
running uh on their local laptops
and then you will spend a little bit
more time on this later the cloud
marketplaces of course always deserve a
special call out in terms of reducing
friction to accessing
your product
so that's the first one and the second
of all you know a free peer is a lot
more valuable than a free trial right
and
there's a lot of debate about this and
every business is special but for me
personally i come out very much in favor
of a free tier and if you look at
some of the successful uh some of the
patterns from successful modern
infrastructure companies they end up
gravitating much more towards free tier
than a free trial a free trial is
valuable it's going to give you leads
right which i mean we all know how
important that is but a free tier will
generate users and if that free tier is
good not too underpowered right it's
going to generate not just users but
advocates people who will promote your
business so we will evangelize your your
product
and most free trials don't deliver a ton
of user value and
all i mean built into the to the entire
notion is that that value is transient
by definition that's why it's a free
trial it's it's time bound
um
but you can learn things about your
product you know from that free trial
but really only about the trial
experience right and that early usage
and that's that's valuable um you can
optimize your trial so you know that's
that's important but it's not going to
do much to make the product that your
customers use every year every day every
year inside out right
it's not going to make that one
materially better
and with a free tier if you instrument
it well then you can learn a lot more
about the user journey and the usage
life cycle through expansion and even
through deprecation retirement or
basically
and those product learnings are going to
circle back and cycle back into your
product to bring value to your entire
commercial customer base even though
those are perpetual free forever
users
so i come up very much in favor of
having a free tier
and then the third tip this one is
probably more broadly applicable but
most stark in open source now open
source is a very common pattern uh in
modern infrastructure companies i don't
think applies to everyone but i think
for sure most
successful modern infrastructure
companies uh are open sourced by
by birth and what's really interesting
around cloud services and the platform
shift to the cloud is that it provides
just a fresh opportunity to resegment
the free versus paid and redraw that
monetization line and that's a really
consequential early decision it's a
capital b capital d like big decision uh
in open source infrastructure what
features are you going to float into the
free let's call it the community edition
um
just uh for
for for ease of use of wording um versus
in the let's call it the enterprise or
the or the commercial
edition
and that's typically a decision that you
make early on in the first few years
maybe somewhere between 0 to 10 million
of ar the first few years of your
company and sometimes you get that
decision right and sometimes you get it
wrong and even if it was right for you
at let's call it 0 to 10 million it may
not be right for you at 100 million
and what's really interesting as you
shift to the cloud then all of a sudden
you have this opportunity to redraw that
monetization line
and that's i think a very interesting
opportunity and then in addition to that
it
the the cloud form factor also have a
lot more knobs and levers to build right
in on-prem open source it's basically
just features and possibly choice of
open source license those are really the
two dimensions that you have to to to
play with
on the cloud all of a sudden you have
memory consumption you have memory
footprint on disk
cpu consumption you have
higher level metrics that relate to the
abstraction in your domain so like kafka
streams or elastic search documents or
in the neo4j sense like nodes and
relationships you can you can price and
meter uh based on on that
and so not only does it give you a
chance to redraw you also have more
knobs and levers available and if you
match that up with the first two tips
that be everywhere and the and the three
tier all of a sudden it's much more safe
for you to drive users onto that free
tier because there's multiple fences
that that can gate where the the the
users should flip over into into a
commercial edition and you can start
monetize the entire spectrum of your
user base rather than just open source
they pay zero and then big enterprises
on your commercial edition they pay
millions of dollars
so that's the third one um and then the
fourth one you know it's around the
cloud platforms you know keep your
friends close and the cloud platforms uh
closer
and what's very very stark as you study
these
escape velocity
infrastructure companies in the cloud is
that the cloud partnerships can be this
exceptionally successful driver of
business for these companies
um and you know i'm not gonna
um
go on the record as guessing what
incremental growth it's giving them but
it's a substantial part of their
business so if there's any chance that
you can get like as deep of a
marketplace integration as possible just
just go ahead and do it uh right away
but not only that you know obviously if
you can get the cloud platform field
engaged and there's been a few of these
um uh cloud platform park
partnerships that have offered really
really beneficial terms to both both the
field uh for the cloud platforms as fail
as well as for the for the partner that
can really end up driving a lot of
success uh for you in the cloud so
that's kind of the the one hand of the
equation the other hand of the equation
of course is that they can also be your
fiercest competitors and especially if
you're open source right and there's
this there's big fork in the road for
for open source infrastructure companies
which i think is dissimilar from you
know for example application uh vendors
um which is
when one of the cloud platforms enter
into your category
can they do that with your own product
and that's that big fork in the road
especially if you're doing category
creation
if a cloud platform enters into your
space that's good news right when you do
category creation your high order bit is
getting the word out about the entire
category right and so you know how all
startup ceos end up saying whenever a
big company enters your space oh this is
great validation well in category
creation that's very much true right
because the high order bit again is
getting
awareness about the concept or the
category out there
but if they enter into your space with
your own product
you are living in a in a very painful
world right and because they have the
massive benefits of of scale and then if
they compete against you with your own
product that's very very challenging and
there are really only two ways that you
can protect against that and they're not
mutually exclusive but unfortunately
some of them end up being hard to
retrofit onto your business um kind of
in in after you've started the company
but the first one is of course licensing
right there are certain open source
licensing
licenses where the cloud platforms can
just adopt you wholesaling they don't
have to strike a deal with you or
anything like that more permissive
licenses then there are certain that
protect you against that so that's
that's the first one and then the second
one is
differentiation between your feature
differentiation i should say
between your uh your
free and open edition and your paid
edition
those things combined if you play it
right can provide a good moat against
the cloud platforms and force them to
enter into your category
with um
an either in-house product that they
built themselves or or another one of
your competitors products
and that's a completely different
universe to live in compared to if they
compete against you with your own
product
so that's kind of the the fourth one
we're coming up to uh the the full
bottom of the hour and um i wanted to
provide just not too much content since
it's early on in the
in in the morning for at least for those
of you in california but a couple of key
takeaways from this there's never been a
better time to build infrastructure
companies than now there are certain
product categories that are very very
sticky where the half-life is very long
when there's really only one chance for
you
to build a company in that space and
that's when you have a platform shift
and obviously we live in this really
magical world where there's two
concurrent platform shifts going on one
is what this conference is dedicated to
which is the shift to the cloud and then
the second one of course is the shift of
mobile and both of those platform shifts
leave white space in the market for
infrastructure which sometimes is harder
to get to market than more vertical
application centric companies
and then there's a there's a clear
blueprint that has emerged if you look
at successful uh infrastructure
companies uh today you should never just
blindly follow it or imitate it of
course but it's important to understand
it and and be inspired by it and there's
a couple of key ingredients in that open
source is a is a big part of it um
initially monitor monetizing the
enterprise exclusively um both with an
on-prem form factor but of course
increasingly with a with a cloud cloud
product that monetize the the global
2000 in a
in a very enterprise sales centric way
and then you can launch this self-serve
first or plg cloud offering uh through
which you can monetize the entire
spectrum when you've created awareness
around your your infrastructure uh
products that awareness is typically not
limited to a specific size of company
but it's limited to whenever you have
data problems whenever wherever you are
developers or something generic is that
right and you will never ever in the
early days be able to hire sales people
to target any vertical
any size of company any geo
but with a self-serve cloud product you
can you can address that and so you add
all of that together and it's a magical
time uh to be building infrastructure
companies
so that's all i had as a queue up uh
would love to
hear any type of uh questions uh from
the audience
yeah thank you so much for kicking off
saster annual so well
i do see a few questions coming in
and feel free my audience to keep
dropping them in as well as we go
but we will start our first question
you've been laying the groundwork for
the mainstream of graphs for some time
what were the early signs that the
nature of infrastructure companies were
changing
where did your foresight come from
yeah it's right right
probably it's one of those that were
typed up just before the the last slide
that i mentioned i think really the
early sign was the shift to the cloud
right it's back to the notion that
infrastructure companies right it's
sometimes very hard to
build
when you don't have changes in adoption
patterns amongst in particular big
enterprises but really probably
developers everywhere right um and
that happens when you have platform
shifts right when you have shifts from
you know
let's take i obviously know databases
best let's take the database space right
so oracle was built on the shift from
mainframe to client server right that
was a big platform shift and now with
this other big platform shift from
client server maybe to web which is
where mysql has been built but now from
that to the cloud and that opens up this
this this white space where you can
build infrastructure companies yeah
thank you so much for that answer
um again remember to add your questions
to the chat
but moving on to our second question
what advice would you have for a founder
looking to disrupt the market today
and build a category
man uh i guess uh i i'm on the record of
saying that ignore all advice so i'm not
sure if that should be my my meta advice
uh the the one thing though that
whenever i talk to earlier entrepreneurs
and
and founders is that
you end up getting so much advice around
um where you should spend your time you
should do x you should do y you should
do z the only thing that i i think that
you can't do too much of in other words
do as much as you
possibly can
is spending time with customers and when
i say customers i don't necessarily mean
paying like the people the economic
buyer the person writing the check you
should spend time with them too make
sure you get that check collect that
check
but really with the users of your
product and you should know absolutely
everything for your persona for your
user the product like when do they wake
up in the morning would they attend a 7
a.m you know faster
session in their in their time zone
where do they go for information what
magazines websites blogs sub stack what
do they read for their information who
do they hang out with like you should
just know everything about that
about that persona and so so that's i
think the only kind of advice that
transcends
all the tactical kind of day-to-day and
the huge the contextual pieces it is
spend as much time with customers as you
possibly can
i love that customer obsession you can't
go wrong with that
um our next question
what should
isvs be thinking about now if they want
to compete
oh isvs yes that's a that's a blast from
the past independent software vendors by
the way is what it is
um
yeah it i think there's there's a couple
of things most of which i i touched on
uh you know in
uh in in my presentation and since this
is infrastructure frame you know a lot
of it ends up coming out of uh i think
open source right because
if you're not open source today as an
infrastructure company it's very hard to
be choosable right um and so for and so
that's great for user it's typically
great for the for the vendor for the
startup uh as well or for the isv i
guess is how the question was framed
um
but of course it opens up that flank
against the cloud platforms where all of
a sudden they could take your product
and compete with yourself and so that
would be i think the
the
the probably most important part is
choosing a license and a differentiation
between your your uh product editions
um
and when you do that be mindful not just
of the users and how you go to market
and how you monetize but also the
compete you know the competitive vector
uh from the the cloud platforms and i'm
of the in the kind of
let's call it the larry ellison kind of
school of thinking versus the jet phases
school of thinking
right um jeff bezos is famously customer
centric and custom you mentioned
indicating customer obsessed
um whereas larry ellison wakes up every
day wanting to kill the competition
right and i'm very much of the jeff
bezos kind of school there so i i
generally think you should ignore your
competition and you should just focus on
users and build amazing products the one
exception for for infrastructure
companies would be
if you're open source make sure you um
you're mindful of the cloud platform so
they can compete against you with your
own product
yeah jeff bezos i love his quote it's
always day one
exactly yeah one of my favorites
um so our next question is somebody
saying that they loved your comment
about not taking advice were you ever
given any bad advice
or
um
it's
were you ever given any bad advice or
how do you get the confidence to not
take others advice
constantly given bad advice honestly um
you know it's it's fascinating and on
some level like how do you get the
confidence well i i think some of this
my entire presentation was trying to
draw out patterns of success from people
who have gone boldly gone before me
right and i'll give you an example of
that advice i think that was the
question right yeah example of that
advice right yeah and so so bad advice
for us as an infrastructure company was
you have to sell into the line of
business right if you're not solving a
business problem then it's not worth
solving and if there's an infrastructure
company if you just solve problems for
developers or data scientists that's
somehow not as good as solving
problems that are experienced by the
line of business in other words people
who own a pml right and that is clearly
very bad advice when you're in an
infrastructure company you always exist
on the
uh the build path
right in the enterprise ip buy versus
build right if they don't go down the
build path and want to build themselves
with their own project like you don't
have a play like if it's on the bypass
they want to buy an off-the-shelf
solution a turnkey solution and your
only play there is through oem being
with another sas vendor uh right or or
or another company become embedded in
someone who solves that business problem
right
but as an infrastructure your direct
play is always on that build path right
and so trying to market to the line of
business
probably
ninety percent of the advice that i got
was there and a hundred percent from the
people who have an mba
like no offense to the people i'm gonna
call who have an mba
uh right and and so that was that would
end up just being very bad advice and
then i guess the second part if i
remember the
um
the confidence directly was like the
confidence right yeah and i think some
of that comes back to i would say two
things right
deeply understanding the user that's
coming back to that like understanding
the customer understanding right and
seeing what they actually need because
that that ends up being the source of
truth right but then also the patterns
of success right you look at what a com
i mean my three examples
could have been other companies but i
happen to choose confluent elastic
right they all look at much greater
scale than you know you are as an early
stage you know zero to ten million ar
startup which is typically when you
grapple with these things right and you
see that that's how they go to market
right then that ends up being of course
uh you know confidence inspiring as well
yeah no that was a great question um
we have another
um what's the trade-off between
competition and cooperating with public
cloud providers how do you manage this
oh wow
that's such a good question this is
clearly from a practitioner someone
who's living in that because it's
unfortunately i don't think there's a
i've i've certainly not seen a
um like a silver bullet here like a
magical way to do it it is part of why
running a company there's an art and
there's a science right the science is
there's going to be a lot of talks at
disaster about
ltv to cac and like all those metrics
and there's a ton of that
this question is really is in the art
side of things like how do how do you
balance that right and fundamentally as
with so many of these things it comes
comes down to people right like you need
to make sure that you are as competitive
as is needed to to win right in in the
deals when you come up against the the
the cloud platforms but not so much
take such an aggressive stance that you
can't at the same time partner with them
now the really good news is again coming
back to people is that typically this
ends up being multiple groups inside of
the uh the cloud platforms right you
might have a great relationship with a
partnering team or with a marketing team
but then a vicious you know competitive
relationship with with some of the the
product teams right and that's fine
because these are massive massive
organizations but i unfortunately i
can't provide any more uh specific
direction than that but that's it that's
at least some some caller on
no that was a great answer
um
i
oh here another question has the
pandemic hurt or helped you
when it comes yeah
that's a good question um
i want to say this carefully because of
course the the pandemic has been
a tragedy on so many levels right from a
from a human perspective um also for us
internally in terms of our ability to
meet i have a blurry background here
because i'm actually at a hotel at an
off site one of the first
i think it's actually the first offside
we've had since before the pandemic
right for the small team here
which is which is just fantastic and
not doing that for 18 months has of
course hurt us as much as it is has hurt
everyone else right
with that as caveat the pandemic has
been amazing for our business it's
really accelerated in so many ways so
our i'm not talking a whole lot about
kind of the core of what what we do but
as a graph database our job is to figure
out the cause and effect and trace how
information flows from one point to the
other and so you start thinking through
like what covet tracing it is you know
that's all about that's a graph that's a
network graph problem right like
figuring that out so a ton of people
will have kind of countries as well as
companies as well as states and in the
us and things like that
have used neo4j to do contact tracing of
of of covid
um covet also ushered in
an entire new focus on supply chain and
supply chain of course is a massive
graph problem because that's all about
this one vendor produces something that
is shipped to someone else that is
shipped to someone else and all of a
sudden it has to go through this west
canal but this west canal is blocked for
a week if you recall this is i guess
six months ago whenever that was right a
while ago right um and how does that
cascade across your business well in
order to figure that out you have to
graph out your entire supply chain which
is which is this deeply connected data
structure right so that drove a huge
amount of
of usage of graph databases and neo4j so
you know we're surfing on this this
broadly secular shift to to the cloud
which was accelerated by the by the
pandemic but also specifically graph
technology uh was accelerated by it so
it's been um it's been a very positive
thing for us outside of the human
tragedy of course
yes of course
um
but great point there is always some
positive that comes from everything
um our next question has it been hard to
hire cloud developers
oh man
yeah this one is this one is just super
tough like for those i i think we have
mostly
i don't know like disaster when back
when i went face to face disaster uh it
was it was mostly kind of founders and
go-to-market professionals but but maybe
today there's also a lot of
engineers if so know your value because
there's uh there's way fewer of you than
than as vendors as we as we want there
to be uh because it's a very unique uh
skill set and maybe even more so
the people who've successfully done
a hybrid play so going from on-prem
to the cloud while having the on-premise
and existing
important product surface uh that's an
even rarer breed so if anyone
on the call is has that skill set please
drop me a line after the presentation
because i i'd love to talk
i love that um connecting people in all
different types of ways today
all right well we are just about at time
so thank you so much emil i really
appreciate you coming on and for the
great session
[Music]
you